---
layout: post
title: ""
date: 2025-03-31
---

Something feels off about myself. Maybe its an oncoming sickness, some sleepdepervation from the last couple days catching up to me, or something more fundamental. Its like an enroching of my mental illness, I can't see as clearly, I feel less happy, I'm more irritable, everything just feels kinda awful. Describing it here I think I really just do need sleep, the stress and worries I have aren't really founded. But here they are anyways. I'm worried I changed in a bad way, everything feels less familiar as I reenter my town. New smells, different faces, but the same boring gross place. Ah nvm it is jsut lack of sleep, im just going to head to bed but I do want to tell one story. On the amtrak back to my town, a random dishelved and sun burnt man sat next to me while we waited for the train to arrive, it was just slightly too closse for comfort. Then when getting on the train he sat next to me again. Smelling heavily of body oder and weed it was very uncomfortable but I did try to empathize. Eventually he asks to make a call on myphone and I tell him of course. He calls his mom and says he's heading home and that hes done traveling the US. Later on he goes and tells me that he had a horrible time and lived on the streets and also got his stuff taken from him. People like to open up to me like this, I keep an open demonour I think and I don't mind listening to anyone but burdening all these stories does pain me. I think that I reminded him of himself when looking at me. I smelled badly too and my facial hair was grown out. I don't want to end up like these people just seeking anyone to talk to but I also feel like thats what I already am. I feel like this blog is sorta turning into a weird spiral downwards. My meds should help and its probably just a temporary sadness thats coming from this trip but I just feel so alienated from myself and I'm in a state of self searching. 
