---
layout: post
title: ""
date: 2025-03-29
---
What happened on this crazy day—well, as this is my first entry, I want to highlight what I want this to be. I spent several hours yesterday walking in the cold rain, thinking about who I could talk to. An issue I had with my previous girlfriend is that I would censor many parts of my stories to better fit what I wanted her to know. Sometimes she would get more of the full story and get angry at me for not telling the whole truth. I think, similar to the concept of masks, we only show parts of the whole that we are. I restrict the story I tell because I honestly find many of my thoughts and actions to be stupid or gross. Like, no one knew my location after I was kicked out of my friend’s apartment. The closest person I know thought I was in a hotel, and everyone else still thought I was with my friend in his dorm. In reality, I wandered the streets and sat people-watching inside libraries. Everyone in my life would think that to be ill-advised, so I keep the full story to myself. When I make stupid choices and don't tell anyone, it's a gamble that it won't affect anyone else. Only when it grows out of my control does it hurt others.

Now, with that said, I realize the stupidity of it all. It wouldn't get out of my control if I informed others and got help. However, I haven't matured to that point yet. This is one of my steps towards that growth. I want to say more of what I do throughout my day and let the world have access to it. It could limit me—if an ever-present sense of being watched exists, then people tend to do less—but it could also keep me more accountable.

Also, I felt like the posts became more topic-oriented rather than just a journal of sorts. Hopefully they don't interact poorly, where I forget one or the other. This way, I am able to just ramble a little more without as much content awareness and image to keep up.

Okay, with that out of the way, what interesting things have happened today? About 10 minutes ago, I shared a much larger section of the story of my New York trip with a friend. It was freeing because I was able to share more of what I felt versus what I felt I should feel. I think I've spent so much time thinking about improving and being better for people that I've neutered my sense of self. I remember even asking my last girlfriend what I should say to convince her to date me. She replied, of course, "It doesn't matter what I want to hear, it's the person you actually are that I want to hear about" (paraphrased). A flaw with that ideal is there is already an image of who they think I am in their head, and I tend to want to fulfill that, making them think I'm being "real."

The reality of my emotions is that I want to collapse on the floor and cry out, to puke and bask in my sadness. Who the fuck wants to actually walk around in the cold while wet, who wants to sleep on a fucking chair for three nights straight? Fucking no one, but here I sit trying to stay productive even though it's the last thing I want to do.

I've journaled several times throughout my life. The original is a small book I keep in my room. (Notes on that later.) I also kept a digital journal through my first major relationship in high school for 3 months. A lot of the time, it was just a recounting of events. Similarly, I am trying to restart the journaling process because I feel my memory slipping. Even on this trip I just went on, there are few photos I took, and so I strain to piece together every event, and I want to hold the good closely to my heart so that I can remember this trip fondly. So I guess here’s my best recounting of events from start to finish in the most detail possible, mostly just for me. I also don’t really want to include names or minor personal details, but I also want this to be very faithful. I’m actively considering as I type this what I should do. Maybe just the Reddit thing where I give fake names, sure.

Okay—Becca, let's call her. The night mostly begins with my misinterpretation of a text. She said she’d arrive in New York by 2 a.m., believing this to mean that she would be at the hotel we agreed upon by that time. Having already struggled to find the sort of hole-in-the-wall that the hotel was, I made sure to stand out on the street and watch for her to make sure she saw where to go. I made sure to go inside and tell the desk attendant that I was just waiting on a friend. Eventually, I realized she meant she would enter New York by 2 a.m., and she made it to the hotel by maybe 2:45—I don’t clearly remember. In that time, I tried my best to stay warm, and the desk attendant came outside several times to encourage me inside to wait, but I refused. I stood next to a couple smoking weed for most of the time. Arriving finally, she stepped out of an Uber and immediately fell because she got her bag stuck on the seatbelt. Giggling to myself, we exchanged greetings.

(I’m gonna attempt dialogue—maybe it’s not gonna be exact, of course, I’m not perfect.)
“You didn’t see anything,” she said.
“No, of course not. Great first impression though,” I replied.
“It’s been so many years since we’ve seen each other.”
“Agreed.”

We proceeded indoors and I led her up the elevator to the attendant. Helping her check in, I realized she was pretty sick and tired. We dealt with some issues with the insurance fee, or whatever they call it, being overpriced, and how late we were checking in, but it only took them a couple minutes to help set up our room. She proceeded to get the money into her account. I attempted to pay it, but she rejected my advances toward the terminal. This gave me an interesting first understanding of how she felt about money and her friends. Eventually it goes through, and she stumbles into the lounge as I get the room key and the rest of the information. I sit down with her and she begins to talk about how she hasn’t felt that light-headed before. Quickly I’m starting to realize she hasn’t eaten much and the travel was very draining, alongside her throat sickness. Taking things slow, I encourage us up to the room after we talk for a bit—I don’t remember what about, but I do know we talked. After entering the room, I remember she comments on the lack of amenities like a microwave or coffee maker. She then collapses onto the bed. Making me keep the lights off, I also learn that she hates any lights being on or blinds being raised. Having to adapt to being in a dark room for the rest of the trip, I sit on the bedside as she lies there. The original plan was for me to sleep on the ground. I did not think that was necessary, as the bed was pretty large. Without discussing it, I just ended up sleeping in the same bed as her. Laying there with her, we began talking more about the old stories and people from our childhood. This went on until, I think, around 5 a.m., and I got ready for bed, sharing some melatonin with her because I knew at least I wouldn’t be able to sleep—I felt so energized by her presence. Getting very minimal sleep, I mostly just rolled around and honestly tried getting closer to her, as earlier as we talked she’d bring her face so close to mine in the bed. Several times through the night she would shift and look over at me, but I sleep so lightly that whenever she moved I’d glance in her direction and we’d meet eyes for a moment. With the morning rolling around, I think at that point I began to get up and attempt getting her to start getting ready so we could have our days out on the town. The plan was always that I would maybe stay half a day with her, but as things progressed it changed. She refused to move and wanted to sleep the day away. I ended up going out in the morning to get her some medicine for her throat and a snack and drink as well. She is a very picky person, so the choice of Cheez-Its were not in her favor, leaving them to me. I’m not exactly sure what sparked the next step, but we did begin to cuddle, and I resigned to stay in bed with her for the day. By dinner time, both of us became hungry enough to get ourselves together and go out to a local Japanese market. It was close enough that we decided to walk. Following her around, I wanted to let her experience the joy of trying to navigate and plan in such a grand city. After several loop backs, we ended up at the market and began to shop.


Man, halfway through this and I don’t feel like finishing it, although it’ll help retain the memory. I feel like by putting it into words it’s compressing down the emotion and experience. Like none of this really explains the tension and my eventual sinking comfort into her. I loved spending the time with her, even though none of it really went as planned. I was just happy that she was there with me. I’m going to continue, but in less detail, just for myself.

We took a Lyft back and looked over our food at the hotel. We forgot utensils, so she peeled a dragon fruit for the first time and I ate pork katsu with my hands. It was like a little picnic on the floor as we shared little foods. She loves all her fruits and introduced me to mini kiwis, which I didn’t know existed. I think at this point I tried to set up the TV, but it sucked too. So we went to my laptop. She recommended the movie Happiness. As we watched, a line stuck out to me: “I’m not shit, I’m champagne.” We laughed and joked as it went, eventually pausing it as things became more intimate. Then the night progressed into a new day.

The next morning she had more energy and got up a bit earlier. I left to get bagels for us; she wanted an Asiago with butter. I walked through the rain and got my first experience alone back in New York—very pleasant morning. We ate ravenously and then settled back into bed. We stayed there for quite a while and grew more intimate again. Afterwards, it was evening-ish and she was sparking with energy. We got going and took a train to the bookstore and grocery store. I did miss a stop on the way, but it gave her more time to tell stories of her earlier childhood as we walked.

Entering the bookstore, the layout hadn’t changed at all since my last visit, and we explored all the books. She found the cookbooks and children’s books interesting, made fun of my nose on the way, as well as discussing buying the new Diary of a Wimpy Kid. I saw a lot of manga I wanted, but we then descended to the pens and paper. She liked the masks on the wall and wanted one. We also walked through some cute plushes. Leaving there, we entered the grocery store, which to me was the highlight of the trip. I followed her around as I listened to her stories and as we planned how and when we would hang out next in California. Seeing all the food with a new perspective by my side, I was enthralled. After we snuggled for the first time, I would kiss her forehead at any opportunity, and several times through the grocery store I did.

Then she got a smoothie and we headed out. Needing to return our new goodies, we took the train back and dropped off everything. I felt the need to sink back into bed with her, but she was still full of energy and had us go back out to see an Urban Outfitters that was very large. She bought a candle and a new dress. We then sought out a lighter at a local Target, getting to really jaywalk on the way there. With this stuff in hand, we then took a long trip to Coney Island to see if we could ride a Ferris wheel. Sadly, it was closed and the area was kind of sketchy, but we made the most of it by exploring the beach and a little park. She tried to convince me several times to break into an ice cream parlor that was closed. On the way back, we had some deeper talks about family and relationships. I enjoyed holding her hand and listening to her while seeing the city lights pass by.

Arriving back to the hotel, it was pretty late, but we ended up putting on All Hallows’ Eve. The type of movies she’s into are much darker than I’m used to, so I was honestly scared of what would show, but I found the movie pretty comedic. She got a bit spooked and wanted me to stand by the bathroom. We then stopped this movie halfway through too. She was on her period at this point. We headed to sleep from there.

Waking up, she was in the bathroom and she said she was feeling pretty sick. Unknowingly, she was vomiting and suffering pretty badly. When I noticed, I went out to get her some better stuff to help with the pain, and I went further to get higher-quality stuff. Eventually, she made it out fine, but we had to start getting ready to split as we started heading toward the bus location. It was windy and we were hungry, so we stumbled into a Starbucks. She gets a London Fog latte while she’s there. We get to the bus location a bit early, so we sit and talk on some steps for a while. I enjoyed it so much. As we proceed to part ways, she stops me, brings me close, and tells me she loves me and misses me. We kiss, then separate.

Man, that’s so sad, since we aren’t even talking a day after that, but a man can hope that there was worth behind those days. Hoping she’ll remember like I am and think to talk to me again. But I have a flight to catch. You could be reading this—there is a chance, since I gave you access—but all I can say is sorry. Someday I hope to see you again, to try again.





















