---
layout: post
title: "The Past"
date: 2025-03-14
channel_name: post-zero-post
---

So my daily drivers/previous projects, lets try and start from the beginning.

I'm currently running a windows 11 computer with a 5600x and a 4060ti 16gb, i used to have some older intel cpu and a 1070ti but now they sit on my flower in a half finished attempt at figuring out linux for the first time. In terms of laptops I started with a 2060 based gaming laptop but now I main my beauty W530 thinkpad. She's truly a show of my current ablitlies as everything I set out to do has worked. Running arch linux with the i3 window manager, plus I cracked her open and corebooted it, I swear I'm the 2nd person to ever successfully done it. 
I keep a raspberry pi for any side projects like i have a 3d printer that has broken down over the years, its an ender 3. I also have a resin printer thats fine but resin is buch harder to work with post print so it didnt fit my needs well enough so it has also gone on the floor grave yard. 

I recently bought a used server rack with 10 individual drives of 1tb each. Its running trueNAS and is in workign condition suprisingly however I'm using it as a long term data center so that when the internet gets more restricted that I'll still have access to inportant information. For some context I am not a fan of the way America is heading and based on the large amount of content I ingest daily, I do sort of think our time as the global superpower is over and itll cement its spot through world war 3 in some battle over taiwan or something. 
In conjunction to this is all of the chinese propoganda I read when I was 12. Through Cixin Liu I learned a lot about the cultural revolution adn science in general. It then motivated me to learn more and even take some mandarin classes. 

Some smaller side projects I've done include, the Casio modded watch I wear, the jail broken ds and switch I set up to never use, the nvme ssd Im saving to virtually run a small LLM so that in the event of a global outtage that I'll still have a teacher for doing my projects. 
These are mostly just the tech projects I've done but I'm sure I will add to this section more as I need more context for my future posts. 
Some things outside of tech is the Math major im currently trying to aquire at Cuesta. Taking Linear Algebra, Calc 3, and an intro to calculus currently at the time of creating this. 
