---
layout: post
title: "Being Young"
date: 2025-03-27
---
As I sit in another public student library I feel a sense of gratefullness for being young. My parents having instilled a sense of extreme close heartedness when handling money, I seek anyway to avoid hotels, travel, and eating. It leads to a sense of homelessness, no where to go, no where to stay, only the bags on my back and time. I don't want to end up homeless, the people on the street fear the system and the work that comes with participating in society. That ideaology grosses me out honestly, its so naturally inhuman, we all want to avoid the work that hurts and yet we know that living is just naturally work. 

I want to grow past this stage in my life. Albeit we're about to enter a depression worse then the great depression. So poor and so few jobs for the younger generations, I feel like some part of me is preparing by living on so little. Fuck man I just want human connection and tribal esk communities. My college accpetances are hingeing on everything right now, my parents could easily cover my tuition for the rest of my life. 

The life I lead is an odd one, when talking to someone more normal I realise that they have seen so much less of the world and the internet. A bubbled perspective that still persists through college. I remember a kid in 8th grade who was taller and stronger then me, he was also failing the math class we shared. He said that he had more street smarts then me, I asked him if he was born and raised in this same town and he did, as someone who grew up in Brooklyn I felt a sense of pity and anger at him because I knew he was just ignoranant. I tell that story to illustrate my confusion of what sort of person I'll become, I've been accademically successful and unsuccessful, I've also travled plenty and gotten to know plenty of people. I strive through personal projects and yet I'm not some weird protidgy thats gonna create microsoft in his basement. I worry that the person I'm bound to become is homeless, I had a long conversation with a mentally ill woman in a coffee shop. She approached me rambling to herself and began to tell me stories about her wild life and how she graduated and was successful; however, she had cancer and didn't trust the doctors, believing that the medicine was killing her. Shes techincally right because the medicine makes you feel so bad but there needs to be a level of trust in the doctors as I'm sure the medicine needed to hurt the immune system similar to how the human flushes out disease using a fever. The pain doesn't come from the disease, it usually comes from the cure. I mention this becasue I felt like I understood her situation, she was very libreal and opinionated sharing many of my ideals, and yet ended up an insane mess talking to anyone who would listen. This blog is the display of that, I would text anyone who would listen to the point that I thought it became too much. Now I ramble at a screen because I have no one who stays long term in my life. My fault or not its a reality and a lonely one. 

So I plead to my youth, theres still so much time left to figure out who I am and where I want to go. I know some things about myself already. I know I value an intimacy that lets me lie my head on their lap as they brush my hair with their hands to such a high degree that I'm willing to sacrifice much of the other things I like. Honestly when I have that then I'm at my happiest, maybe because I have aquired everything else to fullfil my Maslows pyramid. Food and water comes from my parents when I'm not leading a job, my safety is always secure in the body and mentallity I've aquired. I have strong friendships who challenge me but also support me when I'm so low. I fall in and out of intimacy causing my pyramid to shake. The upper reaches are simple for me, lots of things fullfil me, who else spends so much time reading, writing, learning, while also being a math major. All thing excite me as I am a curious creature by nature. Feeling a pride for my acomplishment is something I faulter in at times, getting rejected by every college is a humbling moment but becuase of it I have also built up my own acclaim that I ride off of for pride. In the end all I really lack is someone to stand with through it all, I like to believe almost anyone can fill that spot so I give everyone a chance but my hole is still a hole. 
