---
layout: post
title: "Women and why I'm 6'1"
date: 2025-03-18
---
So basically. . .

Lets start with a stat "Nationwide, women comprised 58% of all college students in 2020, up from 56.6% six years earlier. Women have outnumbered men among college students for decades, but the gap continues to widen". My mornings spent grinding out homework and studying for midterms I start to notice that 90% of the people doing the same at my local coffee shop are women. While this is not new, it is increasing with our generation. This is obvious as we begin to see the radicallizing of the male demographic in the conservative direction. As those who value education aim towards Liberalism, women begin to move further in this direction as they learn and prioritize their rights that are being strained. Another quote "By the numbers: Women aged 18 to 29 are now 15 percentage points more likely to identify as liberal than men in the same group, according to Gallup data. That gap is five times larger than it was in 2000". The internet is at fault here as we see a ever increasing access to information which logically would lead to higher education and learning. However, as we've seen due to algorithmic platforms it directs what we are shown and how we learn. Misinformation and educational materials have gone hand in hand, with the internets growth its rather the same trends just at a larger scale.

Opression in a free internet or even in a restricted internet is harder to accomplish I will admit. Through the lens of the Chinese Netizens they have to deal with the big firewall and constant survaliance, ways around this are always found. If a human created the opression then it would be naturally flawed and has the ablity to be worked around, some examples of this are the sesorship of words. Increasingly the Chinese populus finds more and more creative ways to spell out their dislike of the government by finding names that don't get flagged but can be understood at a glance by a fellow Netizen.

I do particuarlly hate the dislike in new tech and inventions, not nescicarly from the perspective of if they are good enough but rather the perspective of growing through change. As phones developed quickly in the youth of our generation it was a shift in the landscape for adults as every kid demanded a screen and it became fundamental to communication. Boomers were adimently against it saying it would rot your brain and all other fears, rightfully so "A 2017 study of over half a million eighth through 12th graders found that the number exhibiting high levels of depressive symptoms increased by 33 percent between 2010 and 2015. In the same period, the suicide rate for girls in that age group increased by 65 percent". They didn't nescarily make us dumber but the inhuman nature of the constant access to the internet lead to a rise in social issues. In the end it couldn't be stopped and even grandparents have had to integrate or be left behind. Whether or not it was good or bad, tech is prone to grow and not be stopped. A smilar happenstance is growing with AI and at a rate far surpassing phones. Due to the exponential rate of growth in these models it went from months to day to day to get new models that were smarter. As a progressive techy its integrated into my life to the point I spend actual hours using Chatgpt perday. Within gen alpha I think it'll be the generation of AI as its fundamentally affecting the education system. Since they are growing up with it they will see it as morally fine and it'll exand out to the rest of the generations. A quote here "At the same time, they are regularly exposed to the idea that success involves a trade-off with honesty and that cheating behavior, though regrettable, is “real life.”" Cheating is fundamentaally motivated by your neighbor, if you seem someone else cheating then to keep up you need to cheat as well. Due to this 95% of people cheat now meaning that AI is under so much use. In conjunction to this is the insticnt to slow change. Even under Gen z you can see a fear and a lot of back speech about how AI is bad. Even though its fundamentally useful it limits our own ablity to grow and think similar to phones and will most likely cause lots of mental damage in the long term. However, trying to mitigate this has been in vain, humans are built for never ending growth even if its harmful. A good counterpoint is global warming and coal, naturally we began to prioritize green energy and moved away from polluting coal even though the most effecient approach would be increasing mining. So growth can be stopped if harmful you might say, I disagree. It wasnt stopped growth, it was redirected growth. Similar movements can be seen with open source social media platforms with transparent algorithims and a clear want from some people to use the platforms in a more positive way. Alongside this is being seen in AI beign used as a teacher and a therapist. Instead of processing the work for us its become a source of vast and easily understood information. With the good comes the bad, either way being transgressive is counterproductive and we should accept AI with a smart approach rather then deny its existence.

Lets see thats my little rant on why I find AI haters to be annoying. Some other things I've been thinking on recently are pens and IEMS. I like my Cross pens I got for christmas and I've realized how nice it is to have a nice writing experience. On the topic of IEMs Im thinking about what DAP I would buy alongside some wired ones. Due to my increase in productivity I've been listening to a LOT more music and a higher quality experience sounds pleasant. Really I've been broadened by the understanding deeper of my niche interests and I've been accumulating a list of the little items I want for my projects. However, my tutoring job only pays for some of my food sometimes. I wish I could get more finacial support from my parents but I suspect they consider me a leech. Learning about temple Os and how it took many years of productivity to build all the aspects of a computer, I would like to try something similar but school dominates so much of my productive time currently. Given a summer break without a girlfriend I suspect I could do big things on my own. 
