---
layout: post
title: "The Full Story"
date: 2025-03-27
---

Human ignorance and degrowth. 

Never shall we all know the man behind the strings, the plan for us all. I don't believe in a god but the more you learn the more likely you are to believe in determinism. A quote from (Free Will and Neuroscience: From Explaining Freedom Away to New Ways of Operationalizing and Measuring It), "Neuroscientists identified a specific aspect of the notion of freedom (the conscious control of the start of the action) and researched it: the experimental results seemed to indicate that there is no such conscious control, hence the conclusion that free will does not exist". We only "decide" a choice until after the electrical signals have already procesed it and acted. Its also been shown that believing in determinism over free will, just makes you sadder. So in my life I try to believe I have control, similar to how a scientist differientiates spirtuality and their work, so do I try to seperate my mental happiness from my awareness of reality. 

The point of showing my thoughts on this topic, is to illustrate how I worry about others. Having gone through my own mental health journey and ending with therapy and medication, I think that empathy stems from life experience. A stupid statement because of course you can better understand others emotions if you have also felt those emotions in the same situation. My point is that we all experience and learn at different rates, its a weird reality that those who are given more traumatizing life experiences at a younger age tend to seem more mature, albeit also more stunted from further growth. My worry for others is that we aren't all on the same path of growth, the most knowledgable and empathetic person I know is still learning and expereincing; however, in my maybe limited world view I do think that the end of the path is an empathy that accepts all others and yourself while keeping accountablity and kindness. With the people I've known, I try to remind them of the proverb "Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity", I think no one is really trying to hurt each other unless they believe they've been hurt personally. Miscommunication drives hardship, but I've been tetering on whether or not thats intirely true. I rely on a trust that others will understand that I do not have ill intent, so I make my choices without asking, its given me the power to accomplish anything I seek out while damaging those around me. Actions are inherintently neither good nor bad, the intention is the problem. I think it might be a logical fallacy that I believe, and it leads me into the moral right in my head as my intention is never bad even if I hurt others. There in, it is their fault for missinterpreting my intention. It is something I would like to work on, but I also believe that to get any progress and strive forward we must stick by our ideals. People pleasing leads to inaction and abuse of the self, choosing to be disliked by some rather then "liked" by all is an ideal many people share once they get further in life. I want to be liked and I do try my best to bring kindness to everyone; however, a tolerance of all is a tolerance of intolerance leading to pain even when your intentions seem golden. 

I think this is how I ended up centrist. I hate the policies of the right and their intolerance of those just trying to express themselves, but humans are humans and that includes the stupid intolerant ones too. Tying back into my belief in determinism I think its hard to hold someone accountable when their unfortunate life circumstances lead them to a position that they might not have wanted. At some point we must hold people accountable or we bear the risk of extra suffering spreading from those who have suffered; however, I like to be kind to them nonetheless. 
