---
layout: post
title: "Hello World"
date: 2025-03-15
---
Fuck its taken me long enough to figrue this out. Went through several iterations where I first wanted to run the blog locally on a raspberry pi but no matter what I do there will always be issues with my damn wifi and trying to port forward. So I gave up on that and tried running it on my laptop which taught me a lot but it couldn't be a server because it wasn't always hooked up to the internet. Finally caving I resorted to just trying to get it running on my main pc even though I did not want to leave it on 24/7. That eventually failed too becasue I counldn't replace my router without it breaking the system. So if you've put it together this is the final rendition and it had to be hosted under github. Less as self sustaining as my own server so it could be taken down or whatever but if I wanted complete power then itd be hosted throught the Tor network and you can't just pull that up on your phone to read. 
Anyways here we are now and its a Saturday and the day after Midterm week. I basically bombed both of my midterms but the averages were bellow 80 so I dont feel too hurt about it. I do need to do a little better to pass with a C though cause math teachers hate curving. Anyhow lets see what do I want out of this blog, mostly just a place to rant about my day to day projects and thoughts. I tend to rant to seperate people about different things depending on their interests but I thought I might as well collect it together for everyone to see but also talk about the things I thought no one wanted to hear. 
Okay so some other stuff I did today was burn all of The Pillows distography onto 4 discs so that I could play then on my laptop and in my car. Their actual cds go for like 50 bucks each and theres 30 that exists so theres no way im making a real collection. I do like the idea of having more physical media though and I've been working on creating my own archive before the "Big Ravine" (A 3body problem refrence to the horrible downfall of humanity). I think I'm going to create a seperate segment here about the specs of all the thigns i'm talking about so that I don't have to explain every single time what I'm working on. Also a more general overview of all my previous projects and ideas of the past few months.  
